Docs: frameworks compatibility standardization (#5488)
RadeonOpenCompute/ROCm: docs/compatibility/ml-compatibility/megablocks-compatibility.rst

.. meta::
    :description: Megablocks compatibility
    :keywords: GPU, megablocks, deep learning, framework compatibility

.. version-set:: rocm_version latest

********************************************************************************
Megablocks compatibility
********************************************************************************

> `Megablocks <https://github.com/databricks/megablocks>`__ is a light-weight library 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Megablocks <https://github.com/databricks/megablocks>`__ is a lightweight library 
```
